{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\qc\f0\fs44\lang9 Entities Of Eldoria\par
\fs16 Version II\par
9/19/2024\fs22\par

\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\par
\par
Voidwalkers\par
Type: Eldritch Entity\par
Region: The Voidlands in the Elder Realm, sometimes found near the Abyssal Wastes.\par
Description: Voidwalkers were once guardians of the Elder Realm, charged with maintaining the balance between the realms. However, after the Breaking, they became corrupted by the chaotic energies of the Voidlands. These tall, spectral beings move silently, their bodies cloaked in darkness. They drain the life force of those who venture too close.\par
Lore: Voidwalkers were created by the Elder Ones to protect the veil between the realms, but the chaotic magic that spilled into the Elder Realm during the Breaking twisted their minds. Now, they patrol the Voidlands, preventing mortals from reaching places like the Eldritch Citadel. It is said that they remember their original purpose, but are cursed to wander eternally, driven mad by the chaos.\par
\par
2. Forest Warden\par
Type: Nature Spirit (Corrupted)\par
Region: Arcane Wilds\par
Description: The Forest Warden was once a protector of the wilds, ensuring the balance of nature. However, after the magic of the Breaking warped the Arcane Wilds, the Warden became consumed by the raw energy of the forest. Now, this once-noble spirit is a towering figure of twisted wood and vine, with glowing eyes that burn with malevolent magic.\par
Lore: The Forest Warden was bound to the Arcane Wilds by the Elder Ones themselves, charged with protecting this ancient forest from human interference. When the Shattered Crown was broken and magic ran wild, the Warden was corrupted. Its sole purpose now is to prevent any from entering the heart of the Wilds, where a fragment of the crown is hidden. It is said the Warden\rquote s soul could be restored by ancient rites, but no one has yet found the key to purging the corruption.\par
\par
3. Shadow Wraiths\par
Type: Spirit\par
Region: Ruins of Drakhar\par
Description: Shadow Wraiths are dark, ghostly figures that haunt the ruins of cities destroyed by the Shadow Court. They move silently and are drawn to those who possess strong magical energy. Anyone touched by a wraith is drained of life and magic, leaving behind a withered husk.\par
Lore: Shadow Wraiths are the spirits of those who died during the Breaking, their souls trapped between the physical world and the Elder Realm. When the Shadow Court destroyed Drakhar, they left behind powerful magic that infused the ruins with dark energy, giving rise to these wraiths. It is said that these souls are tethered to the ruins and that they are being used by the Shadow Court to gather magical power for an unknown purpose.\par
\par
4. Arcane Aberrations\par
Type: Magical Construct\par
Region: Areas affected by wild magic, such as the Arcane Wilds and the Abyssal Wastes.\par
Description: These grotesque, malformed creatures are created when wild magic warps the very fabric of reality. They are unpredictable in shape and size, with some resembling masses of tentacles, while others have humanoid forms twisted beyond recognition. Their very presence disrupts magic in their surroundings, making spells unreliable.\par
Lore: Arcane Aberrations are a direct result of the chaotic magic unleashed by the Breaking. When the veil between the Elder Realm and Eldoria was torn, magic began to behave unpredictably. Aberrations formed wherever the magic was strongest, created from animals, plants, or even humans who were caught in the surge of power. These creatures have no sense of self or purpose, existing only to spread the chaos from which they were born.\par
\par
5. Eldritch Sentinels\par
Type: Guardian Entity\par
Region: Eldritch Citadel (Elder Realm)\par
Description: Massive, stone-like creatures that guard the inner sanctums of the Eldritch Citadel. These Sentinels are nearly indestructible and are imbued with the same chaotic magic that permeates the Elder Realm. They can channel raw energy through their bodies, creating powerful shockwaves and beams of arcane energy.\par
Lore: The Elder Ones created the Eldritch Sentinels to protect the most sacred sites in the Elder Realm. They are bound to the Citadel, ensuring that only those deemed worthy may enter the Heart of Magic. After the disappearance of the Elder Ones, the Sentinels became autonomous, following their last command to guard the secrets of the Citadel at all costs. Their power grows with every soul they defeat, making them nearly unstoppable forces of destruction.\par
\par
6. Void Reapers\par
Type: Humanoid Spirit (Possessed)\par
Region: Abyssal Wastes, Elder Realm.\par
Description: Void Reapers are the spirits of warriors who attempted to harness the power of the Elder Realm but were consumed by its chaotic magic. Their bodies are ghostly and insubstantial, but their weapons are solid, forged from the very essence of the Voidlands. They strike swiftly and without mercy, leaving a trail of devastation in their wake.\par
Lore: These beings are former Wardens of the Abyss who tried to tap into the power of the Abyss and the Void, hoping to unlock its secrets. Instead, they were overwhelmed, their minds and bodies twisted by the chaos. Now they serve as vengeful spirits, drawn to the Void Prison, where they guard the dark secrets that lie within. It is said that only a weapon forged from Arcane Steel can harm them.\par
\par
7. Hollowborn\par
Type: Cursed Undead\par
Region: Abandoned battlefields, Ironclad Hold\par
Description: The Hollowborn are the animated corpses of warriors who fell during Eldoria\rquote s civil wars. Their souls have been twisted by magic, turning them into mindless undead who wander ancient battlefields, forever reliving their final moments. They are heavily armored, making them difficult to defeat in direct combat.\par
Lore: The Hollowborn are a tragic remnant of Eldoria\rquote s past, cursed by the lingering magic of the civil wars. They were raised by necromancers from the Shadow Court, but when their masters fell, they were left to roam the lands where they died. Some say that these souls can be freed if they are reminded of who they were, but others believe their curse is eternal. The last commander of Ironclad Hold is said to be the strongest of the Hollowborn, guarding one of the Shattered Crown\rquote s fragments\lang1033 .\par
\lang9\par
8. Soulflayers\par
Type: Ethereal Predator\par
Region: Abyssal Wastes, Arcane Wilds\par
Description: Soulflayers are invisible predators that hunt in areas where the veil between worlds is thin. They latch onto their victims\rquote  souls, draining their life essence and leaving the body intact. When they manifest, they appear as translucent, shimmering creatures that blend into their surroundings.\par
Lore: Soulflayers are believed to have crossed over from the Elder Realm during the Breaking. They feed on the magical energy that flows through Eldoria and are particularly drawn to mages or those carrying fragments of the Shattered Crown. It is said that only those who can see beyond the physical world can detect a Soulflayer before it strikes.\par
\par
9. Wraith Heralds\par
Type: Spirit Leader\par
Region: Ruins of Drakhar, Void Prison\par
Description: Wraith Heralds are powerful ghostly figures that command lesser wraiths and undead. They are shrouded in dark, ethereal robes and carry staves of pure arcane energy. Heralds have the ability to summon wraiths to their side and drain the magical energy of their enemies.\par
Lore: Wraith Heralds are believed to be the remnants of high-ranking mages who were corrupted by the Shadow Court. In life, they were scholars who sought to understand the powers of the Elder Realm, but after death, they were transformed into conduits for dark magic. Heralds serve as lieutenants to the Shadow Court, carrying out their will in places like the Void Prison and Drakhar.\par
10. Plaguehounds\par
Type: Cursed Beast\par
Region: War-torn lands, Abyssal Wastes\par
Description: Plaguehounds are large, wolf-like creatures with glowing red eyes and diseased, rotting flesh. They are fast and aggressive, often attacking in packs. Their bite carries a deadly curse that can infect their victims with a slow, agonizing death.\par
Lore: Plaguehounds are believed to be war beasts used by the Wardens of the Abyss during the civil wars. After the Breaking, the creatures were left to roam the cursed lands, spreading disease and chaos wherever they go. Their curse is tied to the magic of the Elder Realm, and only by purging the magic can their victims be saved\par
}
 